What are you doing?
This child just entered the temple a few days ago
Don't know the rules
Pay your money quickly, worship you
What are you looking at?
Go faster
What are you doing here? Don't worry.
Check it later when there are fewer people.
Try scraping the paint on this Buddha statue
Ah, it seems to be real
Ah oh don't be afraid don't be afraid
Hold me tight I'm afraid of this body
Who received the tears?
The freshness of this flesh
The time of death should be no more than a day
It turns out that the recently deceased child
All were sent here to be made into statues
What a terrible sacrificial ceremony
I was scared.
Let's go back to Dashun Mansion and ask my father to come over, don't be afraid
Can't prove it yet
Why are these children disappearing out of thin air?
Let's look for it again.
So how do I think it's moving?